Johnny Carson today about this fantastic
this one is as you can see the scale
looks fantastic these are three-speed
gearbox so you need channel radio and
vibration
just look all those wires crazy amount
of wires in there and what we'll do is
we'll put this down and okay that's a
lot of wires there are how much does
that cost well the kit oh okay well new
if you go to somewhere like fusion
hobbies this cab I think it's about
fifty pounds for this cab then that's
about like that's a really great deal so
that's few some hobbies just google them
that's in the UK
yeah so again these are crop up there's
all sorts of different models this man
tell me are through their own King
hauler
night hauler there's Mercedes there's
all sorts different tractor truck models
and they're always cooking up on eBay as
well does it work sorry but does it work
behavior indicators wonderous I'll show
you
that we know second I change who is that
a bit over here
show you the
okay here's the Volvo globetrotter then
come inside so I can show you the lights
what do them is fire up the
multifunction unit this is always great
when this starts up there's a volume
control on there I've turned it down a
little bit so you can hear me yes ghost
not sure if you can see it that caps
vibrating very Costa
some lights there we say
if we come along to the back of the
trailer why and these box trainers me
betrayus
I'll also show you this by the
transmitter is indicators
who is that alongside the Volvo yes
Sammy off inhaler education in the
forthcoming our iconic Aussie video
so what's out for her how beautiful she
anyway that's the Volvo will switch your
oh this is quite cool even when you
switch your eyes
okay
so there's at 114th scale
Tamia Volvo globetrotter hope you
enjoyed that
Cheers